(mellow instrumental music)
As the world of medicine becomes more burdened
by the moment,
it's good to know a skilled medical intuitive
to get the straight scoop on what ails you
and where it came from.
One of the top intuitives in this department
is Laura Alden Kamm
who many doctors call the walking MRI.
Laura can see the causal effect of disease,
right down to your thoughts,
bacteria, even past-life influences.
One of her areas of interest is heart health.
She says that heart disease is particularly fascinating
as it's a considerably more complex mechanism
than medicine understands at this time.
Giving much greater weight to the old adage
the heart knows the way.
Laura, we've interviewed a lot of people
and often times there's a very dramatic kind of experience
that happens in the lives of people
that just cracks them wide open.
This is really the journey you took.
What happened to you when you were very young
that led you to blindness and even death.
Yes, yes, I was minding my own business,
I had a perfect plan for my life.
I was going to be an architect,
I was back in school at Indiana State, married,
two adorable toddlers, two and three years old.
I was gonna create fabulous buildings
so that the people that really occupied the building
and their energy and essence
could be expressed through that.
However, I woke up on Super Bowl Sunday, 1982,
and I had the most mind searing pain in my head
and it just gripped me.
11 days later, I was totally blind and I died
going from one hospital to another in an ambulance.
I remember floating over this young woman's body
and my mother was there and a nurse was there.
I remember my mother holding my hand in prayer
and the nurse was leaning into my body,
pressing into it and she was saying, "Laura, don't go."
That's the first time I recognized that was me.
Then she said to my mom, "I'm sorry, we've lost her."
I remember this amazing
love and peace that,
it's hard to put it into words cause I didn't have a body.
My body was there on a gurney,
but it filled my consciousness, it filled my mother,
it filled the nurse,
it filled that body that was mine, there.
It filled every space
that I could even get my consciousness around
and it was just love and peace
and I knew everything would be fine,
and I was outa there.
It really is a white tunnel, it really is.
For me it was rather a large and layered,
there were others in there with me,
some going really quickly.
Oh really, now that's the first person
I've heard that the person wasn't having
a singular experience, others were with you
and you were all zipping along?
It was like a freeway,
(laughing)
and they were different colors and hues
and they didn't have bodies, but they had a body like shape.
Some were more, excuse me,
some were more opalescent in color and just exquisite
and some were standing there
as if they didn't know where they were,
what they wanted to do
and some were just flying by me
and I seemed to go at a fairly quick pace
because it was a compelling pull.
You couldn't stop it, I couldn't stop it,
I had to go, I had to go.
When I reached what seemed to be the culmination
of that point it was like I fell into a lake
in Minnesota in the winter.
If I would have had a body
it would have taken my breath away
and it was all light and blinding light,
kind of like the light you see reflected off a chrome bumper
with the sunlight, it was blinding light.
It was all love and I knew I was there,
I thought at times I still had a body
because I remember this one instance
where I tried to look down and see my feet,
that was my thought
and of course that didn't go anywhere
and everything is foggy, everything's in the light
and then I heard these subtle whispers
of voices around me
and they didn't say my name but I knew they were calling me,
in some way, shape or form.
I gradually, gradually kind of woke up,
my spiritual eyes and my spiritual ears to hear them
and it was exquisite, it was extraordinary.
Do you remember any
of what you were being told?
I do, in part, and the interesting thing about my journey
since then is that I know I was taught
a lot about intuition, a lot about healing,
a lot about energy.
As I moved past these and through these past 30 years
it has come up in different situations and scenarios,
it's much more powerful than a deja vu
because it's a solid, remembering of streams of information.
Actually volumes of information, sometimes
and I was taught by a group that I call the wisdom keepers
because that's what they told me they were
and they took me into a room,
I saw my life, I saw this one situation
when I was five years old
and I always wanted a baby robin as a pet
and I talked my best friend, Sue,
into stealing a robin's egg with me
and we snatched one and we ran back to her backyard
and we picked the little shell open,
course the bird was dead
and that was my first experience
of really feeling interconnectedness with earthly things.
I felt the mother robin's pain, I felt my pain,
I felt Sue's pain and of course the little baby bird,
I felt that anguish too
and I felt so horrible that I had killed that bird
and ended that life.
That settled deep within some part of my consciousness
and I'll never forget that
and when I look at people or birds or anything today,
you know that resonance that we all have with one another
is certainly there, very profound.
I watched a lot of different things go on,
I remember right at the end of that situation
where I felt this enormously large male presence behind me
and there was something inside of me
that was to afraid to look around
as if I had a body to turn, of course, but I didn't.
I couldn't face it directly, I couldn't go face-to-face
so to speak with this energy.
But it was so compassionate, it was just so big
I couldn't handle it almost.
And I heard this voice say,
"Laura, you can stay, but I really need you to go home."
And with that I woke up,
I heard a lovely soft woman's voice saying,
"Do you know your name?
"Do you know what day it is?
"Do you know who the president is?"
And I woke up even more and there was a lovely angel
standing next to me, cleverly disguised as an ICU nurse.
She was so sweet and I came out of the coma
and I came back from the near-death experience.
There is something else
that I was reading about that you heard
and at what point did you hear this
because I thought it was very interesting.
It said it will be 100 years before science understands
what happened to you.
That was actually my doctor, my neurosurgeon told me that.
Oh, I see.
They didn't know what was wrong with me
and it turned out I had brain abscesses
and spinal meningitis and that's what caused the blindness
cause it was in the right occipital lobe
and when I came out of the coma and still to this day,
I'm blind in the left visual field in both eyes.
I could donate my eyes
and somebody would need reading glasses,
you know and that's it.
But other than that it's in the brain cells
and I've lived more years this way than I have fully sighted
so it doesn't bother me.
Besides what happens to me now
is that I see all these colors and particles.
I get to see the quantum world, physically,
because of the blindness and it's great.
I was gonna ask you,
cause that had to be the opening of your real vision.
It is, although I did have some experiences
that were extraordinarily powerful when I was a young girl
all the way up through 16,
where I had a Fatima like experience
with another young woman that I'd just met.
We had three Saints visit us
when we were walking around a college campus in Ohio
and we were paralyzed we couldn't move.
The response when we shared this with people,
cause we were terrified,
when we finally were released, so to speak,
and to go find my father
who's a Presbyterian minister by the way.
But he also taught me tai chi and yoga,
so he's not your average minister.
The people's response to that really scared us even more.
Some people didn't believe us, of course,
others were afraid of us, others were angry
because they'd been praying their whole life
and why should these two young girls have this experience.
Then when I went home to my small hometown in Ohio
it got even stranger and people started praying around me,
and speaking tongues, totally frightened me
and I just shut everything down.
Then at 26 this near-death experience came
and opened everything back up
and it's like the cowardly lion going,
"I do believe, I do believe."
You know, I'm not gonna shut it down anymore
and then it's just progressed from there
with, you know, you get nervous when your world changes
this fast and in such a large way
and yet you keep going.
How long did it take
before you actually started utilizing this sight?
For your work, for your mission in life,
everyday life and so forth, when you blasted it open?
It took about eight years, actually,
before I really kind of let the cat out of the bag,
so to speak.
Even though I was exploring it and trying to figure it out
and it was to go back to your question
the doctor that told me about this
because the day before I went blind
and prior to that I was terrified.
I didn't want to leave my children,
I was afraid of falling asleep when I was in the hospital
cause I didn't think I'd wake up.
The doctors knew I was dying, we didn't know why,
we all knew I was dying.
But that afternoon, before I went blind,
I started to see colors and particles lift off my body
and my body became very heavy
and I knew that was my soul going home
and a peace came over me, again that lovely peace
of serenity that I knew everything would just be fine.
I was just going home.
And so that started again, that visual anomaly,
started again and I actually thought I was gonna die again
so I ran back to the neurosurgeon at that time
and he checked me out and he said, "You're fine."
He came around his desk, he sat down on his desk
and he said, "Laura, it's gonna be a 100 years
"before Western science can ever figure out
"what happened to your brain, just do the best you can.
"You've got a second chance at life,
"go live your life, do what your here to do."
{Voiceover] Oh and boy are you.
Pardon me?
{Voiceover] Boy are you doing what you're here to do.
Yes, oh yes, no choice.
{Voiceover] No choice, well bring it up to modern times
and now you are spending your life,
you're dedicated to helping humanity understand
that every person has the ability to unlock
their intuitive powers.
Yes, without a crisis, without a crisis
and I think this time in our lives
we're at this place where science and quantum physics,
even though I'm not a physicist,
I don't study it that deeply,
but what I have studied of it,
it matches what I have experienced for these 30 years
and it matches the experiences I had as a child too.
So it's starting to bridge the gap,
you know in the sixth century there was an island in Greece,
called Samos, S-A-M-O-S, and they had a problem,
they had to get water from one side of the mountain
down to the village.
What they did is they dug tunnels
coming from both opposing ends.
It took them eight years and they met in the middle,
only 60 centimeters apart
Amazing.
and I think that's where we are right now.
You know we're meeting, spirituality,
which sages have known forever and mystics have known
and people on a spiritual path have known,
it's coming together with what science is showing us
and that's exciting, it's time.
And you talk about it
in terms of intuitive wellness.
I've not heard that phrase together before.
Intuitive wellness, what does that mean?
Before we start diving into what you actually do.
Well, I think everybody has the capacity
to use their intuition, which we all have of course,
to assess anything that they want in life
including their wellness.
Diseases all have attitudes, conditions all have attitudes
and it's up to us to take a look at
what's going on with ourselves.
It has to do with fitness, of course,
but it has to do with quality of life and who you are
all wrapped up in the totality of who you are
because we're all different, we're all very unique
and yet we all have this gift to be able to do this.
And wellness, when I do my work and part of this model,
it's spiritual, emotional, energetic and physical,
it's not just about physical.
And you're able to, in most cases,
get people opened up to a point
where they can start accessing their intuitive side.
Yes, and that's the fun thing--
It's wonderful.
Because I came back from that near-death experience
with a couple of really great tools
given to me from the other side and they're very simple
and they're very familiar to a lot of people.
I don't know what it is,
they seem to be charged with something.
I don't want to sound too strange or specialized,
but they're different in some way, shape or form
that the people do these exercises.
And I think it's also timing right now,
people are just ready for this.
It's not maybe that the exercise is so special
it's just that the timing and the person is ready
and it just opens them up.
You mentioned earlier, speaking of tools,
that you saw the color coming off of your body and such.
Let's talk about colors and intuition,
because this is something we all interface with,
well almost everyone interfaces with every day.
Yeah well again, conditions in the body,
in the electromagnetic field, emotions, thoughts,
memories, anything that you want to create in your life,
it all has a certain frequency.
Because I believe from my experience
it's a consciousness world, it's built on consciousness
and energy is a by-product of that
and then frequency comes from energy
and different frequencies have different colors
and hues associated with them.
The colors I'm talking about, you know,
Crayola crayons 64 pack hasn't even matched these yet
and so there really aren't any names,
but you can still experience the myriad of beautiful colors
that come off of this.
Now the fun thing to do is when you sense these colors
and you can feel, here, see and know
as many already understand that about intuition.
You can place your minds attention in and around that color
and extrapolate the data that's in there.
That's where you get this information
that is just teaming with vitality of direction, of clarity.
Whenever you feel lost, all you need to do
is go inside, turn on that intuition
and place your mind in strategic places
and you'll get your answers every single time.
And so this isn't classic color therapy,
by any means, this is really drawing on color
from a completely different place.
Absolutely.
Have you noticed certain corollaries
between certain colors and certain mental states
or conditions and so forth?
Well I think the Chakra system from Ayurvedic medicine
follows that pretty well
and so that's a really good launch model to hold onto.
Red, usually does mean survival issues.
Take for example, I flew out of Orlando, Florida,
to come here this weekend
and we have quite a cold snap going on in Florida
where we almost didn't make it out
between the ice on the wing
and the snow potential in Florida.
In Florida?
In Florida, and there's no de-icing--
This is crazy.
Yes, yes the sun is the de-icing equipment there
so we had this very narrow window
and a pilot steps out of the cockpit
to get his cup of coffee
and everything around his whole body was this vibrant red,
reddish-orange, you know that which you'd typically see
in the first Chakra zone which is lower in the body
was all over the upper part of his body.
We're talking survival,
responsibility for all these people.
Absolutely, absolutely, so within in that,
you can take that model for his Chakra
all that red and sun-- oh that's a tough one,
all that red and sunset orange that's in his field
and I just put my mind in there
to look around a little bit
and I was actually checking his skill sets,
I was checking his comfort with the plane
because it was a brand-new plane.
I think it'd only been in service nine days,
so I wanted to check just to see where things are
and my intuition said we're gonna be fine,
we're gonna be fine,
but the person sitting next to me
was already white-knuckled,
you know, but I knew we were gonna be fine
and we were, obviously I'm here.
Yes and thank you for that,
thank you for trusting in yourself.
Yeah, yeah.
What about some of the higher octaves
of color, for example?
I mean, years ago I read every book
there was on color that I could find
and used to do little lectures on color therapy.
We're talking 25 years ago, easily,
but that was classic stuff,
but there are octaves that we see in our minds eye
or in meditation that are far beyond that,
so much more sublime.
Do you work with people
with these really sublime kind of frequencies?
I mean, for example, one that I just love
is a soft rose infused with metallic gold,
gold like an iridescent golden-rose color.
Beautiful.
And that kind of thing,
do you work with people in those ranges?
Always and it depends on what the person needs,
what that body needs in the moment
or what their heart needs.
All you need to do is call in and ask simple questions
via your intuition in order to understand what they need
and those types of colors, those higher frequencies,
will come in and I don't tend to rely on one specific color,
except for myself, because I know--
You have your kind of keynote color?
I do.
What's that, do you care to share?
The only way I can describe it
is it's close to a periwinkle blue
and some opalescent colors like a fire-opal from Australia
and throw a little pixie dust in it.
Oh that's beautiful.
There you go, that's me those are my colors.
That's what I use whenever I need to pull that in
a little bit more into my own awareness.
It's always there,
but it's about pulling it into your awareness.
So this acts, sort of, as a path
or conduit between your conscious mind,
supposedly conscious mind,
and your higher understanding or your higher intuition?
Well it's the color that I was
when I was on the other side
and add a little bit more white to it at that point
and that's the way it was reflected to me
in my experience there.
So that's why I pull it in for me,
it just is who I am, it's me.
Well now, okay you're also called a walking,
by doctors, doctors call you a walking MRI.
Are you one of these people that can choose to see
or choose not to see, or are you seeing all the time?
I am seeing all the time and I have a dimmer switch.
You do, good.
I do, I dial it down
and it's like being in a noisy, urban area
that it becomes white noise after a while.
Even though colors will flash here and there
and it catches my attention or energy will fly
this way and that way and it catches my attention,
I try not to pay too much attention to it
and so I dial it down and I never look at anybody's energy
unless they've given me permission, you know.
Even if I see something I don't go into it
because I'm really skilled at going in deep.
For what ever reason my intuitive sight
can go down the level of an electron microscope and beyond
and that's just for physical work with people
so I can discern the difference between a bacterium
or a viral component.
You know, the difference between a red blood cell,
a white blood cell, a cancer cell, things like that.
I think if you're going to work publicly
as a medical intuitive,
you need to have a pretty high benchmark,
it's not just about, oh there's sadness in the liver
or there's a disruption
and your Uncle Ralph is in your kidney from you know.
You need a little bit more solid data than that.
Yeah, if the physical
is what you're coming for, your concern.
Now, can you talk about
some of how you started refining that in yourself
and also, you teach other people
how to do this as well, right?
Yes and I think the basics are,
and the fundamental practice is always meditation for me
to be able to get in and sit calmly or not.
You know, you don't measure your meditation practice,
it is what it is.
But that ability to watch your mind
and understand the patterns of your mind,
I think is critical when you're doing this work.
Because you never know when energy
or color or disease or a thought form
is gonna come scurrying in front of your attention.
You can't get carried away with that
so you have to be able to sit
in neutral, empty wisdom as best you can.
So I started refining my skills
because, again, it took about eight years
for me to even cue into
more Eastern thought and Chakras.
I didn't even know what those were at the time
and I practiced on inanimate objects,
the trees, the flowers, because they were so enticing,
they were beautiful.
We had a grove of pear and cherry and apple trees
out in our backyard in Indiana
and for me to sit there in the spring
and watch the energy in them come to life
from February through blooming time
was just phenomenal for me.
Then I used to sit in college, I went back to Ohio State,
to study anthropology because architecture
was out of the question with my eyesight,
and I'd sit in the back of the room
and during testing time I'd watch
everybody's energy fly all over the place.
Lots of red.
Yeah, it was just hysterical
and I didn't go invade their lives
I just looked at the over-shadowing fluctuations of energy,
so I was doing my own
little scientific studies, all the time.
And it just developed from there because I'm just,
got that curious kind of left brain thing going on
and I think that's great to have.
In fact that's my favorite skill set or setup
to have a strong intellect and a strong intuitive side,
because you need both of them in tandem
to make it work to increase accuracy.
Absolutely, now when you're looking
at the person's body
where you're seeing a lot of dysfunction
or a real slow-down of energy
is it often kind of shadowed or darker?
How does that appear to you?
It can be, it'll show up as more congested
and more dense in the field
and the colors can vary depending on what systems
are going on in the body,
as far as being more strained or not.
Also what emotional attitude is associated with it,
how spiritually awake are they
to whatever is going on in their life
or how awake do they want to be.
Because a lot of people are very sensitive
and they don't want to know,
they don't want to know, they want to
but they don't, they want to, but they don't.
It's hard, I understand that place.
It can be really scary to leap off into who you are
because that means leaping off into the unknown.
But what's so wonderful here
because you do have both
the right and left hemispheres of the brain so well lit up,
you can really see the realtionship
between the thoughts and the emotions
and then the physical manifestation.
So if you were reading a person, personally,
you would be able to key into, as you say,
even the thoughts that are causing harm
to a particular part of the body or a belief systems, even.
Does it go even further back
into unconscious belief systems,
maybe even for those who believe in past lives,
past-life type of phenomena?
Yes, all of those are true
and I always ask clients what their intention is,
what they want to work on.
Some just say a category, like health or my relationships,
or what should I do with my life?
Others are more specific, case in point,
a person asked me to look at their left knee,
because their left knee was hurting
and that's basically all they said.
All the while their lower-back is lighting up,
a horse shows up, three-and-a- half years shows up
and a fall from the horse shows up.
So I'm going okay, yeah left knee all right,
we'll start up a little higher though if you don't mind.
So that's why I ask people their intention
when I go into work with them
because part of it is that, you know,
when your intuition is at this level
and many people can get here
and many people are already here,
you can see whatever you want to see,
just ask a question, we'll take a look at it.
So I like people to be prioritized and focused
because we only have a little time together
and I want to create a really solid plan
for them to get back to where they want to go
and so that's why I ask for that intention
because I get to watch their body's energy
respond to their words
and that's where I get congruencies or incongruencies,
right off the bat and then we go in from there.
Yes, past lives are often present,
I tend not to go into there
because many of my clients aren't there yet, some are.
When I see that they're not there I don't go there,
if they're right on the fence I'll gently say,
you know this is a possibility, this is an option.
I'll give them an exercise or something
to help, maybe, bring some of that forward
or I'll suggest they go to a past life therapist.
Well, let's talk about it,
give if you wouldn't mind, give an example or two
of a couple of situations in which
a factor that was causing some kind of dis-ease or distress
with the person was past life induced.
Yes, not to long ago a female client
was having problems with a shoulder, a right shoulder,
and there were several instances of where,
not only in this life that shoulder had been damaged,
but bullet wound all the way from the front of the chest
all the way through the back.
A hatchet of some sort from the Bronze Age,
it was more a barbaric type of culture they were in,
they didn't want to be a soldier,
they were forced to be in it, you know.
It's like--
Not that good
with the wielding of the ax, huh?
No, no they wanted to go be a baker, basically.
They were on the receiving end.
That's right, they wanted a passive life
but they were forced to go plunder and pillage
and they got hit from behind.
So the whole premise, the whole thought form
was that, I don't want to be in this situation,
I don't want to be where I am,
and that thought form had carried all the way
through all of these incidences
and still locked in the shoulder.
So we created a plan and haven't heard from her,
cause this has been a little while,
so hopefully I will, I'm sure she'll be fine.
So when you, say with someone like this,
what kind of information would you give her?
What would be your assessment of it
and how to proceed to release this?
Well, the good thing about this person, in particular,
she was on the fence, she was pretty close to being there.
She was a little sheepish and she said,
"Could this be related?"
That was my open door,
so I went in very compassionately and very gently
and just, I kinda report, I'm a reporter.
But some people, another issue,
was as soon as she spoke about the fact
that there's something going on in her throat,
I immediately saw a noose around her neck
and she was not open to past lives
so we talked about the sensations of being choked.
We talked about, you know as I was reading
the thought forms in and around the tissue
and the cartilage in the throat, the voice box,
The energy outside the field, you know,
picking up all those thought forms
I could relay the primary consciousness
and secondary levels of consciousness,
even tertiary consciousness that she could get a hold of,
she could get her mind around there
and then later she said,
"Well, it's like I've been strung up."
There you go.
And I just said,
"Well, you're really getting in touch with things,
"good for you."
You know, I didn't lead into it,
I just let her be where she is.
Well, how does this then release
that feeling or the dis-ease in the area?
Just the acknowledgement of it opens the door
and then I always give people exercises
because you are your own best healer.
And even though we've targeted a lot of things
in a session,
it's up to them to take responsibility,
to pick up the mantle of their own healing
and take it forward.
The exercises are very simple, they're very poignant,
to the point type of exercises,
really dove-tailed for that specific person.
Antidotes of healing slogans that are spot-on
to the consciousness that we find in the body.
Because if you start out with, I love you, I love you,
I love you and your body's going, no you don't,
I don't feel safe here, this is not gonna work,
it's not gonna hear I love you.
So we all know this, so you gotta start and work it up.
You gotta get up the ramp to healing
and so that's what we do and it seems to work for people.
{Voiceover] What about looking at us en masse, over time,
I mean this is has been a long time
since this sight has been fully developed in you.
What are you seeing en masse,
in terms of changes within people's fields and such?
I don't know if that's a fair question to even ask,
if it is, go for it.
Are you seeing certain types of diseases on the rise,
certain dysfunctions,
certain color fields are really popping,
what are you seeing?
Well that's a really great question
because I do watch trends,
I'm a macro, micro kind of gal,
you know I like to look at all of that in between.
One of the interesting things I've been noticing
since 1989, more and more people
are getting a more cobalt blue type of color,
it's very iridescent,
cobalt blue is the closest I can come to it
and some cerulean blue
and water from the Caribbean into it
and light it up as if it's neon.
It's a high vibration of spiritual wakefulness
and these are the people that are really starting to wake up
and then obviously going to help others
do that along the way.
And quite a few people have that, a lot of people have that,
I'd say seven out of 10 of my clients
have that going on in them, to varying degrees.
It always starts in the outer-rim of the field
and works it's way in.
Then there are others that are having, kind of,
a harder time and they're vibrating
which always starts in the heart
then spreads generally throughout the body.
This is a response in the heart
from who they are, what they're here to do
and the timing of things that are going on here.
I'm doing some work with a major hospital in New York City,
their complimentary medical team
and it started from being aware of this change
in the physical heart, in the electricity in the heart
and the electromagnetics that come from it.
I've always known as a healer,
as many healers I know recognize this,
when you place your hand on somebody's heart,
you can feel if they're doing their job or not,
if they're really on purpose with who they are.
Even if it's not, we don't want it to be a perfect picture,
we just want you on the right highway,
we all want to be on the right path.
So you can tell that by looking and sensing
the energy of the heart, literally the electronics
that are going through the heart, making the heart pump
and the electromagnetics coming off of that.
I had a client who was found out later
she was an attorney, so I was doing my thing,
going in looking at the viral component that was going on,
look at the irregularity of the heartbeat, et cetera
and it was so clear to me, she was an artist,
a profound artist trapped in a lawyer's body
and she was miserable because of that
and here comes cardio-cystitis.
It was the sole, S-O-L-E, causation for that condition.
That's another important note,
when I look at anything, I look at like I said
spiritual, energetic, emotional, biomechanical,
there's always one that's a leading indicator
that's a higher percentage of causation.
And in her case, even though obviously,
the physical was so important to take care of
the leading indicator of this, the leading cause
was that of her spiritual voice, her heart, her soul
coming back online to what she's supposed to do.
Well that was in May of this year and from that experience
I got a hold of a friend and a client
who works at this hospital
in the heart transplant unit,
so I've been working with them teaching them energy medicine
and medical intuition and remote healing.
Their first shot out of the gate
was a gentleman who was in the rejection ward.
What's that mean?
That means his heart transplant is at risk,
he's in risk of rejection.
So we sat around
and they had taken the tools that I'd taught them
and we all worked together and I noticed right away
that the donor's spirit was not very happy,
very much in shock, didn't know where to go,
clinging and hanging on and so I just simply asked,
"What do you feel about the donor, where's their spirit at?"
And they all start chiming up with the panic, fear, terror,
some of the people cried on the team,
so we all got the point.
So we applied what many healers do, prayer,
healing to that sweet spirit and you know,
20 minutes later that had released
and then we applied the techniques
to the donor and the new heart
and we got an email from one of the team members
that I work with
that this person was released from the hospital
the very next day and he was fine.
How much of the time
do you think that's what's happening,
when people do organ transplants
and their body is rejecting it?
I think it's a significant component after this.
Now after this one situation
we obviously don't have enough data to claim anything,
nor would we, but it really made everybody go,
"Oh, wow, this is great."
So there has to be a lot more evidence
to really be solid
in this approach but--
It certainly can't hurt
if a team is educated to send the soul of the person
who may have just died, very tragically and quickly,
on their way in peace and help them make that transition
and release the body.
And being myself, who's had that experience,
even in trauma but very willing to go,
I know what it's like
and I've worked enough with people that have crossed over
that it's not the easiest thing to leave
and so I think it's a significant component
and of course Western medicine has a difficult time
thinking about this aspect and they're working toward it.
There are hospitals
that are focused on patient centered care,
not in this capacity at all, we're talking about, you know,
eye-to-eye contact with the physician
or pleasant colors in the room and things like that,
but it's a start, it's a start, it's a good start.
Yes, absolutely.
What about, you mentioned a moment ago,
remote healing, as well, do you also work
with remote healing?
Do you teach people remote healing?
Yes, I do.
In the early, 1999 through 2003,
I was invited to be a remote healer
with the California Pacific Medical Institute,
a national institute for health study
and we worked on remote healing for advanced HIV patients
and I did that for three or four years.
What kind of effects were you having?
We had really nice effects.
It was a double-blind study,
we didn't know what was going on
but the end result is that some of the patients did die
but I believe that over 40% lived and thrived
for a significant period of time,
much longer than they were expected to
and some, last I heard, were even still alive.
So it showed that what we did as healers was effective.
That was a wonderful part of my life to be involved in that
and to help people in that way.
So, not only based on that,
but based on what I learned on the other side
I do teach remote healing.
Yes, what about remote diagnosis?
That as well, it's all part of it.
So someone can call you up and say,
"I want to talk to you but I can't get to you."
and you're able to dial in and--
Yes, all my work is really over the phone these days
because my clients are all over the world.
And again, all I need is a first name
and somebody's intention, you know.
What do you want to discover?
And it could be anything, it doesn't matter,
I want to discover my soul's purpose,
I want to discover what's wrong with this part of my body
and I just want to look at my health
and where should I live?
I get everything.
Might it even be a little bit cleaner
to not have the interference of everything going on
and looking at them and watching everything fly?
Is it maybe even a little quieter
to be able to do it remotely in some way?
It is and for me it allows me to be more exacting,
you know I'm a human being
even though the doc's call me an MRI,
I'm a human being and I'm not perfect,
although I'm pretty good at what I do I must say
and I sit on the floor and I look at a beige carpet
or I look at a light yellow wall
and there's nothing else in front of me,
nothing else in front of me and my eyes are usually open
because I just look through the wall.
I just go to wherever they are,
it doesn't matter where they are.
And that's really fun,
I am in awe of what we're capable of doing,
every time I get the privilege to go into session.
I mean this is an amazing skill that we all have
and that's really where my focus is moving.
I'll never let go of client work
as long as somebody needs my help I'm there
and I really want to move more into teaching.
I've been teaching for 19 years,
but I've really been in the trenches,
I've been off the radar a lot of time and now it's time to,
I know I've been hearing it, and it's time.
Like what've you been hearing?
Well, their telling me,
"Get out there now, they need you now."
Even more, so I haven't been teaching
for about four or five years
just because I have been doing other things
and my father, God love him, has Alzheimer's
so I just wanted to be a little closer
and a little quieter life for a little while
but really it's now this,
it's not a pressure,
but it's a compelling knowing
that we're in a really important time right now
and all of the teachers are being called forth
and I just get to be one in the pack, you know.
And it's an honor to be there
and the other fascinating thing about my own journey
is that I know it was taught to me
that it would be in stages, as it always is,
and this is one of these stages
where I'm gonna be more active in teaching
what I know because everybody's gotta get on board.
I've been feeling, sensing
and saying the same thing,
that we're in a time that requires us
to be able to be in the deepest connection possible
with our own intuitive source and guidance.
There is just so much information
we're being bombarded with,
so much conflicting information,
dis-information, everything.
We have to be able to rely on ourselves is how I see it.
Yes, I agree with you, I agree with you,
I think it's crucial that we trust ourselves
and that's the trickiest part of intuition is trusting it.
Because it really is like a GPS,
it's very neutral, monotone, turn left, 300 feet,
go down 50 feet, turn right on Washington Avenue,
it has no emotion to it.
And people want to get into it so bad
that they let their emotions cover up
that sweet little neutral voice
which can sometimes be very loud and clear of course,
if you're in any kind of danger, immediate danger
or you've gotta make a move now
and you haven't been listening, thank you very much,
I'm going to kick you out of the way, here.
So yeah, it comes in all kinds of tones.
And it also comes in in these tones
when we have a vested interest in the outcome
of something we're seeing.
You know a lot of people will get there,
say, little pendulum out and,
"Does he love me, does he love me not?"
This isn't the best way
to get accurate, intuitive information.
I agree with you, that's highly inaccurate.
Yes, it's like go back to the meditation cushion for awhile
and just relax, zen out a little bit
because you can't push another soul,
you've just got to listen to your own,
you gotta listen to your own.
I'm not a naysayer of other tools, like cards
or anything like that because I think they're fun tools
and I think they add a safety net to a lot of people
in their beginning.
Some people are deeply intuitive anyway,
they can add a validation point, for example.
Sure, they can, they can,
so I think they're great and I believe that people
are already so highly intuitive
I just kick them right out of the nest
when I do my teaching's with them.
Even beginners are reading within the first three hours
of the course.
Let's talk about that.
How long is the course and what do you cover,
does it go in stages?
So anyone listening
who's really jumped up right now to do this thing
will have an idea of what's available.
I teach a two-day weekend course called Intuitive Wellness
and that focuses on getting right up the ramp
and starting to read.
Reading your own body's energy first
and then reading other people
and doing some modest, hands-on healing type of work
just to get used to it.
And that really is a prerequisite in my classes,
even if somebody's an experienced healer,
I want them to understand the way in which I work
and resonate with the way I teach and I'm pretty easy.
I mean if anybody's in to astrology,
I've got seven planets in Libra, so.
You know, I'm not a tough person to get along with,
but I know what I'm here to do and I do it.
So that weekend is great, it's a lot of fun,
it's highly experiential, although for those that like data
and information, I give them that too.
Then I also teach medical intuition and energy medicine
and in that, that is a two year program
and it's much more intense
and we combine both on-site training's with teleconferences
and a one year gathering for anybody called a Kamm Jam
and we just have great time, we have a great time.
But I want people to be able
to go up to the highest level
of intuitive ability that they have
and if they want to call themselves a medical intuitive,
they're called to that work
because it's really specific work.
You can't be faint of heart
if you're gonna be a medical intuitive, you really cant.
No, not at all,
you see things you don't want to see.
All the time, all the time.
You're putting your consciousness inside people's organs,
inside disease, the consciousness of it,
all the time, all the time.
So you really can't be faint of heart
and you know I'm almost six feet tall,
Swedish and German heritage,
so I think I can handle it.
You can handle it.
So that old Swedish heritage
but it's not for those who are more geared
for gentle, intuitive work
and that's why I teach hands-on healing too,
because those are for those who are so skilled
at talking to angels
and so good at comforting and compassionate,
in a compassionate way, the body, and help heal that
so I teach a variety of things.
I teach intuitive therapeutics
which is a hands-on and remote healing session.
So all of those are kind of lumped in
to the energy medicine work that I do.
Oh that's wonderful.
So really, any area, to any degree
in which a person feels they want to develop themselves,
you're available, your course will cover that.
Yes, and I also do corporate training's
or teach other people how to use intuition
on any other subject.
Because I'm really a structuralist,
the best time I've ever had where those first eight years
and then it's just added to that.
I got to learn without any other influence
of any other kind of idea or metodology
what the structure of energy was
and it was like I was being isolated through those years
so I could develop my own understanding
of the way particles work and what that means
and the speed at which things come in
and what's that trajectory really mean
and how to dissect and thin-slice that trajectory
all the way through, the outer perimeter of the field
all the way into an organ system,
all the way into a cell and then back out again
in a healing method.
I mean it was just the best time
because I had nobody telling me I was right or wrong
except for myself
and then I had guides telling me,
"No, you are right, it's okay, look at this,
"look at it this way.
"Turn it around, go around behind, look at it this way."
So I just had an incredible time.
What happens,
this is something as I was hearing you just now,
I was thinking about breath, in terms of the speed
at which energy moves and so forth.
How does breath play into all of this?
That's a really great question.
Breath, in my experience, just expands and opens everything
because of the natural way the breath responds
in the autonomic nervous system,
both speeding it up on the in-breath
and relaxing it on the out-breath.
It changes the way the field moves,
just for a moment or two,
and the interesting thing about it is
when I have my clients breath,
because sometimes they get all tense and argh,
you know, just nervous, they're not feeling well.
And well, they think
she's seeing right through me,
she can see everything about me,
goodness what if I screwed up here and there?
Well and haven't we all,
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
That's my attitude about it, haven't we all.
But when they take that breath
it just lets everything in the field fall into place
to where I need to be able to see the thought forms
and how they relate
and what's this form of particles doing over here?
What does it mean
and what are the myriad of colors within that meaning,
where are they going, what's the speed of it, et cetera.
It's fascinating work,
so that's what I teach in my medical intuitive work
and it doesn't matter if you can see things or not
and I really want to stress that because we can develop it
up to a very heightened and exacting way of feeling
and I've developed a hierarchy, if you will,
similar to Maslow's hierarchy of needs,
his top tier was transcendence
and so I kind of start down at the bottom where instinct is,
because that's the first level of intuition,
and then we go to raw empathy
where people just feel what they feel
and they don't know where it is
or where's it's coming from but they feel it
and then we go to directional empathy.
Where I know that was coming from over there
or that person in the third row back
is really upset about something,
you know that's more of a directional empathy.
Then we get into more psychic ability
where you get more and more information
and then we get into telepathy
where you're really hearing streams
and feeling and seeing streams of thought form
and then you get up to an intuitive,
which is just neutral, full-on data,
everything's, all the pistons are firing.
Well, just as a little tiny aside,
a few years ago, probably about five years ago,
I went to a medical intuitive course for a day,
for an hour actually,
but prior to that I'd been seeing things
like black holes where a uterus used to be
and so forth,
and I was one of those people
who was actually just a little to faint of heart
to deal with all the things that I was seeing
and backed off on it,
yet I found that the healing part
was very easy and enjoyable
and so it must be that everybody
falls within these various ranges
of what they feel compatible with even doing themselves.
So you can speak to all of us.
I can because I've been there.
That's wonderful.
You know I've been there and it's just my job,
this is the reason I came back
and there's never been any question in my heart
or in my mind about what I'm here to do
and there's no question about it.
And as soon as I came back I knew
everything was going to be different.
And it was and it's beautiful
and you have one of the most beautiful countenances.
Your energy field is just,
I feel like I'm sitting in a lovely cloud,
a lovely cloud of love.
Thank you.
Like little fluffy clouds of love,
you're just a beautiful being
and I thank you so much for taking the time to be with us
and I'm sure you're going to be getting
a lot of people wanting to contact you about this one.
My pleasure.
Thank you.
My pleasure, thank you.
You can find Laura Kamm's work available
at energymedicine.org.
She has listings of all of her workshops
plus radio shows and online courses and much more.
As she mentioned she still makes time
for private readings as well for those of you inclined.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(mellow instrumental music)